Add documentation and pre-commit (#33)
AlphaGenes/tinyhouse: README.md

tinyhouse
=========
Hello,

> Welcome to tinyhouse, an increasingly non light-weight python module for processing genotypes and pedigrees, and for performing common operations for livestock breeding settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to `tinyhouse`, an increasingly non light-weight Python module for processing genotypes and pedigrees, and for performing common operations in selective breeding settings. 
```
